Docs: Update Vite docs to v7 (#21295)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/builders/vite.md

## Configuration

> Out of the box, Storybook's Vite builder includes a set of configuration defaults for the supported frameworks, merged with your `vite.config.js` configuration file. We recommend keeping your Storybook Vite configuration the same as your app Vite configuration by only making changes to your `vite.config.js`. But you can also fine-tune the configuration specifically for Storybook by adjusting your Storybook configuration file (`.storybook/main.js|ts`) and providing the following:

Author: Thanks. I changed it to something similar, but wording that doesn't talk about configuration _changes_, but rather configuration in general, changed or static. I don't think it makes sense to think of them as changes that needs to be picked up.

> Out of the box, Storybook's Vite builder includes a set of configuration defaults for the supported frameworks, merged with your default `vite.config.js` configuration. We recommend keeping your Storybook Vite configuration the same as your app Vite configuration by only making changes to your `vite.config.js`. But you can also fine-tune the configuration specifically for Storybook by adjusting your Storybook configuration file (`.storybook/main.js|ts`) and provide the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out of the box, Storybook's Vite builder includes a set of configuration defaults for the supported frameworks, merged with your `vite.config.js` configuration file. We recommend keeping your Storybook Vite configuration the same as your app Vite configuration by only making changes to your `vite.config.js`. But you can also fine-tune the configuration specifically for Storybook by adjusting your Storybook configuration file (`.storybook/main.js|ts`) and providing the following:
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> The asynchronous function`viteFinal` receives a `config` object with the default builder configuration and returns the updated configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The asynchronous function `viteFinal` receives a `config` object with the default builder configuration and returns the updated configuration.
```
